# Who-am-I
This is my first repo.  I have no idea how to use this yet, but it will serve as an about me for now and will get more organized as I figure this out. I’m @BowTiedOffSec. Thank you for stopping by!  Watch me in real-time as this boomer works diligently to learn a new skill set and try to level up my skills in Web 3, cyber security, and learning to use AI to make me appear smarter than I am. 
My passion for cyber security has led me down a few paths, and I am finding my stride. I’m interested in working towards developing my skills to eventually work as a penetration tester and cyber security specialist with a focus on SCADA and PLC.  I also have a strong interest in cryptocurrency and smart contract security.  Recently, I have started learning solidity to audit smart contracts and add value to the Web 3 ecosystem.  I plan to build up these skills to transition from my current profession and move full-time into tech.  I am hoping to compete in bug bounties and smart contract audits one day soon!
I’m currently learning solidity for smart contract security, Python, Linux, and cyber security and penetration testing basics.  I have operational experience with SCADA systems and am working to understand this system from a security perspective.  
I’m looking to collaborate on projects where I can lend a hand doing some work in Web 3 or cyber security.  Feel free to reach out if you have space for a part-time security analyst in web 2 or web 3!   How to reach me:   Here on GitHub or also on Twitter @BowtiedOffSec
